But yeah Komatsu, it's yeah, it's on.
Carson and Crenshaw and like none it's kind of like that
comfort japanese comfort food so they have like oyakodo
Like, curry
Hamburger steak ....like hamburger
No, no, no. It's more like teishoku. yeah
And.
I knew about it and it's been there and I heard about it, but I just never...
It's just I never went, but they're really good.
Really good. Like last
Like a month ago Keiko wanted to do takeout so we just did and it was
like the hamburger takeout and then the hamburger was
So good.
And it's a hit or like, it's kind of interesting work.
Certain days it's like jam-packed, like every seat taken.
And then the one day I went, I was like, there's not a single customer here.
I don't know, but it's good. It's good then like
Certain days it's jam-packed.
oichi
Yeah, but it's so crowded that it's like I'm not gonna wait.
Have you done Manatsumi lately?
They re- Oh, no, no, not when it's me.
Like they restore, they remade it and then...
Do you know where 85 Bakery is? Yeah in that plaza in that corner
Japanese I think we've been there together. Oh, yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah.
But Haichi is worth it.
(***) chips.
Have you...
Have you been to the Uni restaurant in Old Town Torrance?
Miyabi Uni.
But is this still open? Because I think it closed. Like it did survive the pandemic.
Yeah.
Yeah, it really didn't survive the pandemic but the...
So you don't like, Miyabi Uni is not that good.
Do you have to have rice?
No, no, no. You have to have rice?
Wait, but do you like uni?
It's not my favorite first like..
like so i would eat it but
If somebody takes it I'm like, oh well.
One that I always have to do is Aji.
Aji is a macroon or like..